Added configuration instructions for Blackfire.io in Cloud Docker (#7335)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-config-blackfire-io.md

---
group: cloud-guide
title: Add Blackfire.io to Docker
functional_areas:
- Cloud
- Setup
- Configuration

---

> You can add Blackfire.io to your {{site.data.var.mcd-prod}} environment to complete automated performance testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add Blackfire.io to your {{site.data.var.mcd-prod}} environment to get completely automated performance testing.
```

Reviewer 2: "get" is too ambiguous. If you are suggesting that this needs improvement, then I would understand this more clearly:
```suggestion
You can add Blackfire.io to your {{site.data.var.mcd-prod}} environment to fully automate performance testing.
```

> [Blackfire.io for Magento Cloud](https://blackfire.io/magento) is a PHP profiler and automated performance testing tool that can be used in the development Integration, Staging, and Production environments. It enables you to locate and investigate performance issues in your environment at the code level and creates a performance profile by tracking every PHP call, method, and SQL query performed by your code. Blackfire digs deeper to provide granular performance analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Blackfire.io for Magento Cloud](https://blackfire.io/magento) is a PHP profiler and automated performance testing tool that can be used in the development, integration, staging, and production environments. It enables you to locate and investigate performance issues in your environment at the code level and creates a performance profile by tracking every PHP call, method, and SQL query performed by your code. Blackfire also digs deeper to provide granular performance analytics.
```

1. Add context to use locally customized PHP images as described in [Extend the Docker configuration](https://devdocs.magento.com/cloud/docker/docker-extend.html#specify-docker-build-sources).

1. Install Magento in your Docker environment.

   -  Deploy Magento in the Docker container.

      ```bash
      docker-compose run deploy cloud-deploy
      ```

      ```bash
      docker-compose run deploy magento-command deploy:mode:set developer
      ```

   -  Run post-deploy hooks.

      ```bash
      docker-compose run deploy cloud-post-deploy
      ```

   {:.bs-callout-warning}
   Review messages and notifications during the deployment process and address any errors or notifications as needed.

1. Enable the Varnish cache for the Magento application.

   ```bash
   docker-compose run deploy magento-command config:set  system/full_page_cache/caching_application 2 --lock-env
   ```

   ```bash
   docker-compose run deploy magento-command setup:config:set  --http-cache-hosts=varnish
   ```

1. Clear the cache.

   ```bash
   docker-compose run deploy magento-command cache:clean
   ```

1. Make sure necessary containers are up and running.

   ```bash

>    docker ps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   docker-compose ps
```

Reviewer: `docker-compose ps` shows all containers applicable to current scope including downed/stopped containers to get a better understanding of docker status.
